[docs] Add note about multiple windows in custom browsers (#6058)
DevExpress/testcafe: docs/articles/documentation/guides/advanced-guides/multiple-browser-windows.md

Multiple browser windows are not available in [cloud browsers](../basic-guides/run-tests.md#test-in-cloud-testing-services), [remote browsers](../basic-guides/run-tests.md#test-on-remote-and-mobile-devices) and during [Chromium mobile device emulation](../basic-guides/run-tests.md#enable-mobile-device-emulation).

> Multiple browser windows are not available in browsers launched with a [custom browser provider plugin](../extend-testcafe/browser-provider-plugin.md). If you use actions that only work in the multiple browser windows mode (for example, [t.openWindow](../../reference/test-api/testcontroller/openwindow.md)) during tests in a custom browser, TestCafe stops test execution and throws an error.

Reviewer: Avoidable *double* passive voice

```suggestion
Custom [browser provider plugins](../extend-testcafe/browser-provider-plugin.md) do not provide support for multiple browser windows. If TestCafe encounters a window management action (for example, [t.openWindow](../../reference/test-api/testcontroller/openwindow.md)) during a custom browser test, it stops test execution and throws an error.
```

Author: ```suggestion
Custom [browser provider plugins](../extend-testcafe/browser-provider-plugin.md) do not provide support for multiple browser windows. If TestCafe encounters a window management action (for example, [t.openWindow](../../reference/test-api/testcontroller/openwindow.md)) during a test in a custom browser, it stops test execution and throws an error.
```
